All right. You are almost done this section and you're probably a pro with code sets now.
After working through some of the challenge with grouping,
you can see why a categorization system like CCS exists.
In this exercise, we took the CCS mapping for
ICD-10-PCS codes and grouped them into
higher-level CCS categories and looked for the term,
coronary, and the description of the CCS category description.
For the answer to the first part is category 45 and 47.
We use a string dot contains method to find rows that contain coronary.
This should be a review of what you did earlier in previous exercises.
So for the second part,
we compared the groupings for the first three characters in
Exercise 2 with what CCS provides.
Here's what we were given from Exercise 2.
These are the possible three character combinations
from the results that we had done earlier.
You can see that there are a couple of combinations that we have in
common with Exercise 3 results and Exercise 2.
This is just taking the intersection between these two sets.
Then if we take a look at these two grouping possibilities,
what they look like here. Great job.
You made it through this Exercise.
There is a lot to learn and lots more to learn as well.
Hopefully this gives you some good skills to work with
code sets and a foundation to learn more.